Bring Shipping Privacy Policy

Bring Shipping "the App” provides Mybring integration "the Service" to merchants who use Shopify to power their stores. This Privacy Policy describes how personal information is collected, used, and shared when you install or use the App in connection with your Shopify-supported store.

Personal Information the App Collects

When you install the App, we are automatically able to access certain types of information from your Shopify account: Read and write orders, read and write shipping, read and write fulfillments, read and write customers, read and write products and read inventory.

We do not collect customer data for the app itself, but in the process of creating shipping labels, recipient name, contact- and address information is forwared to Mybring. As part of the app setup we collect Personal Information in the form of the store shipping-contact address and the email address assossiated with your Mybring account.

We use “Cookies” to keep track of logged-in stores. “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. 

How Do We Use Your Personal Information?

We use the personal information we collect from you in order to provide the Service and to operate the App. Additionally, we use this personal information to: Communicate with you; Optimize or improve the App; and Provide you with information relating to our products or services. As a real-time service we sometimes notify shops of changes to the service, so that any issues might be resolved quickly.

Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

Your Rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.

Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.

Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at thomas.skjolberg@gmail.com or by mail using the details provided below:

Thomas Skjølberg
Sandstuveien 23B
1184 Oslo
Norway
